feat(Description List): Use container width instead of viewport to switch orientation (#2539)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/css/src/components/description-list/README.md

## Design

- The column for the terms is as wide as the longest term, without wrapping. Its width can be adjusted to be ‘large’ (50%), ‘medium’ (33%), or ‘small’ (20%), which also allows the terms to wrap.
- The term is set in bold text.
- Description Lists display in a vertical orientation by default. They display in a horizontal orientation (descriptions to the right of their terms) when enough space is available.

>   Inside a [container query context](/docs/utilities-css-inline-size-context--docs), this happens at a container width of `32rem` (typically 512 pixels).

Author: You are correct again. That utility is coming with another PR. We should absolutely check if the link works after the merge.

## Design

> - Description Lists have a vertical orientation when their nearest [query container](/docs/utilities-css-query-container--docs) — typically a Grid Cell, but also a Dialog or Page — is less than `32rem` wide (typically 512 pixels). Above this size, they change to a horizontal orientation, placing the descriptions to the right of their terms instead of below them.

Reviewer: This is quite wordy and detailed. ‘Vertical orientation’, 3 other other components, rem and pixel values, both ‘less than’ and ‘above’, explaining what horizontal orientation means… 🙂 

How about

```suggestion
- The terms and descriptions stack vertically by default. They sit next to each other when their [[query container](https://claude.ai/docs/utilities-css-query-container--docs)](/docs/utilities-css-query-container--docs) is wide enough (at lest `32rem`).
```

Author: Yeah, much simpler. Thanks!

## Design

In a narrow container, descriptions appear below their term.

> Once the container reaches 32rem (or wider), they display in a two-column layout.

Author: Is it better to be specific about what container we have currently specified as the only possible containment context? Or is it better to keep it vague? 🤔

> Once the container reaches 32rem (or wider), they display in a two-column layout.

Reviewer: Let’s keep it practical for now – I think we help our users best by explaining what the specific container is.

```suggestion
Description Lists have a vertical layout when their parent Grid Cell is less than `32rem` wide (typically 512 pixels).
Above this size, they change to a horizontal layout, placing the descriptions to the right of their terms instead of below them.
```

> Once the container reaches 32rem (or wider), they display in a two-column layout.

Reviewer: Let’s also use a list to explain the design choices: one item for the above, one for the terms column width, one for the terms being bold.
